Updated rate limiting section (#2782)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/asa/introduction/index.md

## Rate limiting

Rate limits control access to Advanced Server Access APIs by measuring the rate at which users send requests during a rate limit period. After exceeding this limit, users must wait for requests to replenish before submitting again.

Every API response includes headers related to rate limiting:

* `X-RateLimit-Limit` - Describes the total number of operations permitted per rate limit period.
* `X-RateLimit-Remaining` - Describes the total number of remaining operations permitted during the current rate limit period.

> * `X-RateLimit-Reset` - Contains a unix timestamp indicating when the number of rate limit requests will fully replenish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-RateLimit-Reset` - Contains a unix timestamp indicating when the number of rate limit requests fully replenishes.
```

> * `X-RateLimit-Retry-At` - Sent after exceeding the rate limit and contains a unix timestamp indicating when the number of rate limit requests will partially replenish. If multiple requests share the same timestamp, sending them at the same time may cause additional rate limiting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-RateLimit-Retry-At` - Sent after exceeding the rate limit and contains a unix timestamp indicating when the number of rate limit requests partially replenishes. If multiple requests share the same timestamp, sending them at the same time may cause additional rate limiting.
```
